admin_manual/importing_mailboxes: Add merging storages (#725)
dovecot/documentation: source/admin_manual/importing_mailboxes.rst

  doveadm import -u destuser maildir:/opt/backup/destuser/Maildir:INDEX=MEMORY "" ALL

Merging Storages
----------------

In some disaster recovery cases you may end up having mails for the same user
in two different locations, and need to merge them. For example the storage
goes down and fixing it takes a long time, so during the fixing you can let the
users access their emails as an empty account, which can receive new mails.
Later on you can use ``doveadm import`` to merge the mailboxes.

Note that there is no way to make this solution perfect:
 * IMAP clients that have cached mails locally will delete their local caches
   and have to re-download mails later on.
 * POP3 clients that leave mails on server will notice all the mails are gone,
   and delete their local UIDL caches. When old mails come back, they're
   re-downloaded as new emails (duplicates).

> Also, there are 3 alternative ways of importing:

Reviewer: At first I was confused that this means there are alternatives to `doveadm import`. Maybe saying something like "inserting imported mails" is clearer?

Author: "insert" sounds a bit strange word to me in this context. How about "3 alternative ways of how mails can be imported into mailboxes"?

> Also, there are 3 alternative ways of how mails can be imported into mailboxes:

Reviewer 2: I wonder whether this should be subsections and not a listing, because further down the "Example for the 2nd case where [...]" might be a bit confusing if not everything was read sequentially from top down (which I didn't do).

Author: I think it would be more confusing to read the alternatives if they're spread out all over the place. But I changed it now to a numbered list and added `2nd case ("New mails are imported on top of the old recovered mails")` - maybe that's enough?

 * Old recovered mails are imported on top of the newly received mails. The
   downside here is that mails may now be sorted in a weird order. If the IMAP
   client shows the mails in the saved order, the new received emails show up
   as oldest emails. Although this may not be an issue, since many IMAP clients
   sort the mails by either Date: header or the received timestamp (IMAP
   INTERNALDATE).
 * New mails are imported on top of the old recovered mails. This avoids the
   sorting problems, so it's likely the preferred method. The downside here is
   that the IMAP/POP3 clients will have to re-download also the newly delivered
   emails, as well as the old ones. Another issue with this is that some IMAP
   clients might not show the old recovered mails without manually rebuilding
   local caches, because the mails become inserted to the beginning of the
   folders, which isn't allowed by the IMAP protocol.

>      * Another thing to keep mind mind here is that IMAP clients shouldn't see

Reviewer 2: Duplicate `mind`.

Author: oops, and already merged the approved 2.3 cherry-pick, need to fix there also..

       IMAP UIDs pointing to different emails before/after the merge. Otherwise
       their local cache could point to a different email, which could even
       cause the user to delete wrong messages. This shouldn't be an issue as
       long as new mail deliveries and all user access is disabled during the
       merging. The old mails have the old UIDs, and newly delivered mails
       would all have higher UIDs (because the UIDNEXT value is not shrunk
       during index rebuild that clears out the mailbox).

 * New recovered mails are imported under a separate ``Recovered/`` folder,
   i.e. there will be ``Recovered/INBOX``, ``Recovered/Sent``, etc. The user
   will need to manually merge the folders. The upside here is that POP3
   clients won't re-download any mails as duplicates, but otherwise it's not
   much different from the 1st case.

> Example for the 2nd case where mail storage became broken, but a separate index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example for the 2nd case where mail storage breaks down, but a separate index
```

Author: "broke down"?

> storage is ok, and index storage supports snapshots:

Reviewer 2: What is the 2nd case? I only cross-read all the text without a specific intent.

 * Snapshot the current index volume at the time of breakage
 * Make sure ``mail_location`` setting has ``ITERINDEX`` feature enabled, so
   folder listing is done using the index volume rather than the mail volume.
 * Mount a new empty mail volume

    * The first time IMAP/POP3 client attempts to access an existing mail,
      Dovecot rebuilds the indexes for the folder. This makes the folder look
      empty. The folder structure is preserved, as long as ``ITERINDEX``
      setting is used.

 * Once the original mail volume is recovered, first disable all user access
   and all new mail deliveries.
 * Snapshot again the index volume
 * Mount the old mail volume to the original mountpoint
 * Replace the index volume with the first created snapshot. Now the storage
   looks exactly like it was at the time of breakage.
 * Mount the new mail volume to some temporary mountpoint

>  * Mount the second index snapshot to some temporary mountpoint

Reviewer 2: Some of these lines are terminated with a `.` some aren't, it should be consistent.

And:
"Create another snapshot of the index volume." Otherwise it reads a bit klunky.
